# 05/24/2022

## Company

### IBSheet

- Understand Initsheet, Sheet1_OnSearchEnd, Sheet1_OnSaveEnd, Sheet1_OnClick,
  sheet1_OnDblClick

  - InitSheet
    - Basic req function in main js file (ex:PRAC_TRN_001.js)
    - Contain SetConfig value to define general sheet setting
    - Contain columns' setting (ex:hidden, type, Align)

  - Sheet1_ONSearchEnd
    - Page 50 [IBSheet7](../../docs/(ENG)%20IBSheet7%20API%20Guide.pdf)
    - Purpose
      - Event fires when search is completed using a search function and other
        internal data processing are also completed.
      - If an error message occurs during searching, it will be set as code, an
        event parameter. Program an error processing logic for any code value
        smaller than 0.
      - If no result is returned due to network error, set the code value as -3
    - Syntax
      - function ObjectID_OnSearchEnd(Code, Msg, StCode, StMsg){}

  - Sheet_OnSaveEnd
    - Page 49 [IBSheet7](../../docs/(ENG)%20IBSheet7%20API%20Guide.pdf)
    - Purpose
      - Event  fires  when  saving  is  completed  using  saving  function  and
        other  internal  processing  has been also completed.
      - If an error message occurs during saving, it will be set as code, a
        event parameter. Program an error processing logic for any code value
        smaller than 0.
      - If no result is returned due to network error, send the code value as
        -3.
      - This event can fire when DoSave or DoAllSave function is called.
    - Syntax function Object ID_OnSaveEnd(Code, Msg, StCode, StMsg) { }

  - Sheet1_OnClick
    - Page 26 [IBSheet7](../../docs/(ENG)%20IBSheet7%20API%20Guide.pdf)
    - Purpose
      - Event fires when user clicks a cell in data area.
  - Sheet1_OnDblClick
    - page 27 [IBSheet7](../../docs/(ENG)%20IBSheet7%20API%20Guide.pdf)

- Get and SetValue without calling Sheet1_onChange function
  - Page 99 [IBSheet7](../../docs/(ENG)%20IBSheet7%20API%20Guide.pdf)
  - Get,Set add flag 0

TODO:

- Download Excel with hidden some columns that we want
  - makehiddenskipcol
- How to adjust column with the condition: Only character and number
  - InitCellProperty Method page 259
    [IBSheet7](../../docs/(ENG)%20IBSheet7%20API%20Guide.pdf)
    - AcceptKeys
      - Set as "N" for numbers and "E" for english alphabet; if both numbers and
English alphabets are allowed, connect the two values with "|".

- How to adjust column with the condition: Only capitalize character & special
  character "_-"
  - AcceptKeys, put special symbols between [].
  - CaseSensitive: set value by 1

- Understand DoSearch Vs GetSearchData, LoadSearchData, DoSave vs GetSaveData
  - DoSearch Method
    - Purpose
      - Connect to search page to read search XML, and then load XML data internally in IBSheet
      - Param  parameter  can  be  set  by  connecting  conditions  using  "="  and  "&",  as  in  “Condition name=value 1&condition name 2=value 2”.
      - In Opt parameter, an object-type parameter, you can set whether to do Sync search (Sync) and Append search (Append).
      - Sync  parameter  is  sync/async  search  mode.  Async  search  means  when  there  are  multiple  calls
      sent, following calls for search will be ignored if the first search is not complete.
      - If you need to run multiple calls and all searches must be complete, use sync mode. If you set Append parameter as 1, you can append the existing data to the current search data
      to run search.
      - Call the search page using URL and complete data representation by reading search data. Then
      OnSearchEnd event fires and the whole process completes.

- Understand imageWaitVisible, and when we user setTimeOut() function
- Understand when we use hidden sheet, prefix in InitSheet

- VO file: a type of JPA (ORM)
  - integrate between Back end and DB
